# IMLS_Project_TaskB_Deep_Learning
The main work of this task is to use deep learning methods CNN to do multiclass classification operations of MRI images and CNN is considered as a feedforward neural network including calculations of convolution and some deep structures. The whole CNN hierarchy is an input layer, two convolution layers, two pooling layers, and two fully connected layers with the activation function to be ReLU and SoftMax; the epochs is 10; the batch size is 16; the loss function is categorical cross-entropy loss and the optimizer is Adam optimizer.
As for the files in this project, the function of the file: Data_pre_processing is for processing the image data by converting each image to a matrix and making labels for different images;
It converts the 3000 MRI images of jpg. format into a matrix with the input to be the data direction and returns a matrix with 1-row x 262145-column, while the first 262144 columns are the characteristics of MRI images and the last column is the label;
The function of the main file is the trunk of the whole task and it includes the realization of CNN model for multiclass classification. 
The running environment for this is python 3.8 and you could download all the files and create a virtual environment to run all of them in the software PyCharm. In the main file, it calls all other files and you could obtain the final result from it while pre-processed dataset including MRI_Image_Matrix.multi.npy could be obtained from the training process for the purpose of fast training at the next time. Furthermore, the matplot function will plot the graphs of the accuracy rate execution curve and the loss function execution curve in the final. 
Necessary installation of packages and header files include TensorFlow, Keras, os, pandas, NumPy, time, Scikit-learn, matplotlib, OpenCV, etc.

